Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Good morning. Morning.
Serenna Beers: How are you today.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I'm all right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, yeah. Oh, I'm sir surena I'm your therapist for bright heart health, and we need to do a bio psychosocial have, have you ever done one of those assessments before
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I've never, I've talked to therapists before, but I never heard of that.
Serenna Beers: Never heard of that. Well, it's just that it's basically I asked you a bunch of questions about yourself and it kind of gives me an idea on things to work on with you.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So, if you don't mind, I'll just get started. It takes about 2025 minutes depending on you and and how and how much you open up and talk with me.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so tell me what what brings you to bright her health and why why why now.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I need to get off opiates.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And why now is because I need your focus
Serenna Beers: I know it seems almost like why would you ask me that. Duh. No.
Serenna Beers: You know, because everybody has a different reason. So, which leads me to the next question, tell me your story to tell me the history with your substances as far as when you were first when you first tried them as and how it progressed to the point of when it was the worst.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Well, I started using downers when I was a teenager.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: When reds and all that was in
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And I wasn't really hooked on them, but I, that's when I started
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I didn't get hooked on heroin.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Few years ago.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And I've been
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Taking them off and all my life.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: And when, when was it worst I mean when was it to the point where you said, Oh my gosh, I really need help with this or I want to get off of these
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: About a year ago.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Was there a significant event that happened that kind of gave you that that epiphany.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yes, that I was in, I was in a deep hole. I couldn't get out
Serenna Beers: Hey,
Serenna Beers: Tell me, it is there any like history of chronic, chronic pain at at at all, or was it just that.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: You're all
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: The opiates sissy open opposite. I wouldn't get nothing done
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And I sit at home, spend all my money had nothing. Yeah. Yeah. I was homeless for, for a year and a half.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And it was all terrible
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about. Have you ever had any or have you ever had any prior history of substance abuse or mental health. Like, is this your first time trying to get clean or
Serenna Beers: Have other
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: This, the first time.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and your history of substance use this for about, what would you say an estimate of years.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I'm probably about 20 years
Serenna Beers: Okay. Well, I just want to validate you one because I mean it's never too late to stop. You know what I mean, I don't care how old that you are the
Serenna Beers: Feedback that that you want to is really huge.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any history of suicidal ideation or homicidal. Have you ever wanted to harm your harm yourself or another person.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about growing up. Tell me about your family life for for specifically like were if you were adopted, if you were raised by both mom and dad or mom and stepdad or dad and step mom. Do you have brothers and sisters
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Was doctor but I was adopted and my mom.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Fold around on this guy isn't
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: That and had me but had me and he just came up to me. Maybe he was mean. He had he beat my mom all the time.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Then I have brothers and sisters, but it's a dysfunctional family totally
Yeah.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Six times
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: So much alcoholics.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: No good people.
Serenna Beers: Do you still talk with her at all. Do you still talk with
Serenna Beers: Your dad or any of your dad's
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I've never met my real dad.
Okay.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Come on dad.
Serenna Beers: Okay, how long ago, if you don't mind me asking
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Um, she died about
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Three, three years ago.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And my son. And so my brothers. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Are you the only sibling left
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: No, I got a sister and brother.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: But I came here. No.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, did anybody that you know have in your family's struggle with mental health or substance abuse.
Know,
Serenna Beers: What, what about any other types of like gambling or food addiction or sex addiction or anything like like that.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: My, my brother is a compulsive gambler.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: So as my son. I have now.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And he was addicted to opiates to my son.
Serenna Beers: Okay, where is he at now.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: He's here as well. I'm here.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I'm ready.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: my grandkids are here.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's a probably a really huge helper.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: It is
Serenna Beers: Love. What about tell me about like what what school was like for for for us specifically how far did you make it if you graduated. If you struggled with any learning disabilities at all.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: No, I graduated and
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I played I was I was good at baseball. I played baseball. They bench me and kick me out of school for long hair.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: So I went to continuation of school and graduated
Serenna Beers: Oh, well that's good.
Serenna Beers: Um, were there any events that stood out with you, growing up. Like, is there any specific events that you think about when you think back to your childhood.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Well,
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: My mom got me a big brother.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: For dad. He tried to molest me
Mm hmm.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: that sticks out
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And I try to forget about my childhood, like, Well, I grew up.
Yeah.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever done any work around it done any work around your trauma.
No.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, one of the things about me is, is my specialty is I'm actually trauma is my specialty.
Serenna Beers: I, you know, and this isn't anything that we need to do in the next month or anything like like that because you would need to be, you know, somewhat emotionally stable as far as i'm not saying that you're unstable. But you know what I mean, like, there
Serenna Beers: There would need to be some time, you know, I don't know how much time that you have off of opiates, or if you're even all the way off of them. Yet, if you've induced with Suboxone yet.
Serenna Beers: But, but
Serenna Beers: I do a technique called em, Dr. And it's just where I use a wand and you move your eyes back and forth, left, left and right which stimulates
Serenna Beers: Ram. And so it's really your subconscious conscious that I tap into. And I bring all the trauma up from the nervous system where it where it gets stuck to your work working met Emory. So you can process it the way that your brain was meant to
Serenna Beers: Versus how your brain does. So your brain when there is a trunk traumatic event goes whoa.
Serenna Beers: Nope, and pushes it down right
Serenna Beers: We don't deal with it. We don't want to feel
Serenna Beers: It, hence why
Serenna Beers: You are substances, you know, in the beginning, you, you probably use substances to feel so like in the beginning you used to feel, but in the end, when it's at its worst and addiction just can troll the trolls your whole life, you use not to feel right.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: And so, you know, that's just something to kind of put in the back of your mind, if, if you ever felt like that was anything that you wanted to work on. I just wanted you to know that that is one, one thing that I do is work with folks around their trauma.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Okay.
Serenna Beers: I'm okay. So tell me about. Have you ever served in the military.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: No, I tried to join the Navy, but I didn't pass the test.
Know,
Serenna Beers: Um, do you have any financial or legal issues that you are concerned about
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Um, no.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Are you in a relationship right right now.
Serenna Beers: No. And so you said that you live with your, with your son and your grandkids right are
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I live in the same town.
Serenna Beers: Oh, okay. Do you live by yourself, or do you do you live with anyone.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah, I live, I live by myself.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Okay, there's a place for two people, but
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: It is kind of like Bob, I got my own bedroom.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me, like what are gimme, gimme three maybe short term goals are just three things that you hope to get out of being with us at bright heart health.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Well, the off opiates.
Okay.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And to be a better person.
Serenna Beers: Where are you at with that as far as getting off of them. Are you all the way off of them yet. Are you still struggling
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah, I'm off I'm off of them.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And have you begun to do the the medication.
Serenna Beers: Assisted. Okay. And how has that been have
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Been working pretty good for me.
Serenna Beers: Yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: What is your milligram that you're on.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: eight milligrams
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Or time
Serenna Beers: Okay. And who's your physician refresh my memory, please.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Dr. Parker.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Pat. PACHTER yeah
Serenna Beers: He's a great guy.
Serenna Beers: Yes, um, which up which pain management group or which medication assistance group do you a 10th of his
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And what do you mean
Serenna Beers: I mean, do you go to weekly group chat.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah, yeah, I just started with it.
Okay.
Which one
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Which we we could get his weekly group.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, because I do a group with him. I think it's Wednesday at four. I don't
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Know I'm pretty sure. So I just wondered, I'm trying to
Serenna Beers: I feel like I've seen your face. So I wonder if you're in that group to and I just okay
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: On Mondays.
Serenna Beers: Oh, then know then it wouldn't be a group with with me.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Are All right. Okay. So three things. The first one was, you want to get off opiates, or you want to sustain being off of them and follow through with this medication.
Serenna Beers: Assistance and then what is a couple of other other things.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I'm
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Just gonna be a better person. I think I don't know really. I don't
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: That's the main factor. Okay.
Serenna Beers: What do you think me being a better person means
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: As far as like, what type of
Serenna Beers: qualities do you want to have
Well,
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I already have already have good qualities. People say, I'm too nice.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Guys.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And they play on that.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Mm hmm.
That is the worst.
Serenna Beers: It's the worst because P P people with big hearts, you know, I know from experience, you know, you open yourself up to hurt but
Serenna Beers: Yeah, important that you don't let your heart hardened because others can't really accept being somebody being good to them, you know, and that's that's the hard part is balancing the big heart giving heart with not being taken advantage of.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Right. And I've been taking advantage of for a long time now.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Right People I want to try to help like the homeless.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Mm hmm. Now did you steal from me.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, which makes it really difficult to open up right
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Why, and
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: They just
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: You know, everywhere I go. There's somebody screwing with me everywhere.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: You know,
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: And I think the Lord's testing me but I'm right. I mean, almost. Can I check for blow you know
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Are you attending any out outside groups all. I mean, I realized that most of a and na are closed down. But you can do the the go to meetings that are just like this where you get to do zoom. Are you attending anything, any type of 12 step.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: No, those meetings, don't do nothing for me.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: You do you feel like meetings, such as your weekly pain or your medication assistant one works.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah, that works.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and you do attend that every single week. Right. I mean, I think that you have to in order for you to get your medication. Correct.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Let me just take a look at what your file says, and you don't have any any sort of legal legal ties. Right.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: I don't want taking Xanax for
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: For about 10 years and I got off that here.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Oh, good.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, that'll definitely scree up, that's for sure.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah yeah yeah well I heard about side effects.
Serenna Beers: Well, and it's, I mean, it's really difficult once you become physically dependent on it. It's really difficult to get off.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. So it says, according to your chart, it says, I am supposed to meet with you twice a month.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, so, if you don't mind. What I'd like to do is set up a time with you for May 1
Serenna Beers: Okay, and down.
OK.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: OK.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Maybe for okay
Serenna Beers: Hang on, real quick, cuz I gotta
Serenna Beers: Pull my calendar out too, because as soon as I get off the phone with you why I will call the virtual clinic and have them put this on my schedule so
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So give me one second. So let's go to me first on my calendar.
Serenna Beers: May 1 which is a Friday and
Serenna Beers: Does the nine o'clock time work.
Serenna Beers: Or do you want to later one
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah, later one be better and I appreciate it.
Serenna Beers: Which do you like the afternoons better like after afternoon.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah, that's fine.
Serenna Beers: Okay, hang on, real quick. So why don't we say Friday house Friday at three
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: That's great. Okay.
3pm.
Serenna Beers: And you say your name just tab.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Yeah, just Chad.
Serenna Beers: That's cool. I've never heard of that name. So that's, that's cool.
Serenna Beers: Let me see. Yeah. Cuz on my phone. It says Amin on the the the zoom it says moto. Moto moto E. Dr. Becker, whatever that is.
Serenna Beers: I don't know who that is. But that sounds like a really cool name.
Serenna Beers: Right. Okay. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right, so tab three o'clock on May 1
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Gotcha, gotcha.
Serenna Beers: All right. And until then please stay safe and stay well.
Moto E (4) Dr Daux Bakper: Okay. God bless you.
Serenna Beers: God bless you, too. Thanks. Okay, bye.